README.md, before:

# Elm Query #

Query [Elm Search](https://klaftertief.github.io/elm-search/) to search Elm Modules by function name or by approximate type signature.

Query [Elm Packages](https://package.elm-lang.org/) to search Elm Packages from the official webiste by keyword.

## Install ##

1. Press `Ctrl+Shift+P` (or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac) to open the Command Palette
2. Select **Package Control: Install Package**
3. Select **Elm Query**

## Usage ##

This package doesn't need any settings at the moment (this may change in the future).

### Commands ###

#### Search Elm Modules ####

1. Press `Ctrl+Shift+P` (or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac) to open the Command Palette
2. Select **Elm Query: Search Modules**
3. Type a function name or type signature in the Input Panel, and press `Enter`
4. Select the desired result from the list presented in the Quick Panel
5. Press `Enter` to open a browser window for the selected Elm module

##### Search Elm Modules By Selection #####

1. Select some text (function name/type signature) or place the cursor in a word
2. Press `Ctrl+Shift+P` (or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac) to open the Command Palette
3. Select **Elm Query: Search Selection** in the command palette
4. Select the desired result from the list presented in the Quick Panel
5. Press `Enter` to open a browser window for the selected Elm module

#### Search Elm Packages ####

1. Press `Ctrl+Shift+P` (or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac) to open the Command Palette
2. Select **Elm Query: Search Packages**
3. Type a keyword in the Input Panel and press `Enter`
4. Select the desired result from the list presented in the Quick Panel
5. Press `Enter` to open a browser window for the selected Elm package

### Key Bindings ###

Should you want to create key bindings for you convenience, these are the underlying commands:

```json
[
    {
        "caption": "Elm Query: Search Packages",
        "command": "elm_search_package"
    },
    {
        "caption": "Elm Query: Search Modules",
        "command": "elm_search_module"
    },
    {
        "caption": "Elm Query: Search Selection",
        "command": "elm_search_selection"
    },
] 
```

## GitHub ##

Should have any issues with this package:

- [https://github.com/gacallea/elm-query/issues](https://github.com/gacallea/elm-query/issues)

### Contributions are welcome :) ###

I'm no Python developer, and I did my best. Should you find "bad" Python code,
feel free to contribute PRs. I do intend to improve both my Python and the package.

## Attributions ##

This package borrows the idea from, and share some code with, [Hoogle Search](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/HoogleSearch)

Commit message:

Elm Search not feasible just yet. adjusted code and docs accordingly.

README.md, after:

# Elm Query #

Search the official [Elm Packages](https://package.elm-lang.org/) website by keyword.

## Install ##

1. Press `Ctrl+Shift+P` (or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac) to open the Command Palette
2. Select **Package Control: Install Package**
3. Select **Elm Query**

## Usage ##

This package doesn't need any settings at the moment (this may change in the future).

### Commands ###

#### Search Elm Packages ####

1. Press `Ctrl+Shift+P` (or `Cmd+Shift+P` on Mac) to open the Command Palette
2. Select **Elm Query: Search Packages**
3. Type a keyword in the Input Panel and press `Enter`
4. Select the desired result from the list presented in the Quick Panel
5. Press `Enter` to open a browser window for the selected Elm package

#### Search Elm Modules ####

This package was initially intended to also have the functionality to search the [Elm Search website](https://klaftertief.github.io/elm-search/) to look up Elm modules by function name or type signature.

Unfortunately this is not presently possible, because of how the Elm Search website is structured. Which would require unavailable scenarios for this to work:

- Elm Search to offer a JSON file for the results so that it could be parsed (like `Elm Query: Search Packages` works)
- Elm official website to re-implement Elm Search with JSON and updated/improved code
- Sublime Text to allow third party Python modules so that it could be possible to use tools to obviate the above

It is my intention to offer Elm Search functionality one day soon. I can't promise, and my Elm skills are still basic, but I may contribute to the Elm-related side of the solution. Don't hold your breath though...

### Key Bindings ###

Should you need key bindings, these are the currently implemented commands:

```json
[
    {
        "caption": "Elm Query: Search Packages",
        "command": "elm_search_package"
    }
] 
```

## GitHub ##

Should have any issues with this package:

- [https://github.com/gacallea/elm-query/issues](https://github.com/gacallea/elm-query/issues)

### Contributions are welcome :) ###

I'm no Python developer, and I did my best. Should you find "bad" Python code,
feel free to contribute PRs. I do intend to improve both my Python and the package.

## Attributions ##

This package borrows the idea from, and share some code with, [Hoogle Search](https://packagecontrol.io/packages/HoogleSearch)
